Clarify fread header detection with keepLeadingZeros (#5405) (#7809)
Rdatatable/data.table: NEWS.md

7. Verbose outputs from `frolladaptivefun()` and `frollfun()` are now clearer and more user friendly [#7021](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/7021). Thanks to @Omartech312, @aidengseay, @kkarissa, and @heb229 for the implementation, to @ben-schwen for the review, and to @jangorecki for the extensive guidance and review.

> 8. Clarified `fread()` documentation and vignette regarding the interaction between `keepLeadingZeros = TRUE` and automatic header detection, [#5405](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5405). Thanks @clemenskuehn for the report.

Reviewer: ok but who changed it?

> 8. Clarified `fread()` documentation and vignette regarding the interaction between `keepLeadingZeros = TRUE` and automatic header detection, [#5405](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5405). Thanks @clemenskuehn for the report and @venom1204 for the doc implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Clarified `fread()` documentation and vignette regarding the interaction between `keepLeadingZeros = TRUE` and automatic header detection, [#5405](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5405). Thanks @clemenskuehn for the report and @venom1204 for updating the documentation.
```
